(Blythe comes first time at the Oak lab with Ingemar after returning from Unova)
Delia(broad smile) : "Ah Blithie.."
Blythe(smile) : "hi Mr.."
Tantrum : "s..Mrs may there be an elaboration of your process to achieve your aim towards MENTAL recess(all burst into laughter)"
Delia(very angry,shout) : "you.."
Phantom : "rhymes with sew that's the logic behind the phenomena of the little drops of dew not male moisten the lands never soaks it enough for ship and crew rhymes saw(all brust into laughter)"
Delia(extremely angry) : "you scoundrel.."
Phantom and Tantrum(mocking Strawberry's voice,he's out for his first regional journey at Kanto for more than 4 months and uses his real name Gary Oak now) : "i afraid aunty that today i must remember that professionally you're in the payroll's personal queue Hikki zap(all laugh a lot).."
..(all zapped in Strawberry's room)..
Tantrum : "you see not male this set up is not ethical(all laugh a lot)"
Phantom : "neither honest..(all laugh a lot)"
Blythe(laughing a lot) : "but absolutely moral yeah i know(all laugh a lot).."
Tantrum&Phantom : "as would've never tried due to the implausibility of the presumption of your knowledge that you don't know it cause you want to is what never would've tried any fashion model association meeting venue sweeper contract dealer's butler Hakamo-O(Blythe bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS).."
Blythe(laughing a lot) : "man i understand now only why Minnie went there only to come here(all laugh,cheers for THE FACTORY of STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,..).."
Tantrum : "to make you better thus someone else mere.."
Phantom : "exactly why sanity is no good beyond that it's strangely ever fare(all laugh a lot)"
Tantrum and Phantom(Unison) : "hence indeed the issue arises not male about what's beyond all why would you so much care(all laugh a lot)"
Blythe(smile) : "runs around in in oblivion where there's no fear thus no dare yet have to defend the self against hunters illusive is what does any hare(all laugh,Ash,Stash and Gary cheer for Mr MORPHEME SCYTHE,all burst into laughter)"
Tantrum : "yeah found a path though no matter that of a s.. rhymes saw(all laugh shaking their heads,Stash laughs a lot)"
Phantom : "someone convinced of this path though hence this hymn Randy that logic being expressible will follow the dual law(all laugh a lot shaking their heads).."
Blythe(smile) : "thus it's always that as what's unreal it doesn't consider any more than the process of moulting an ornament from gold the raw(all laugh a lot)/it's always useful to encompass uncertainties in the test sample no more of interest it becomes when it's indifferentaible to difference logical ice so heartening causal vapour so resounding here will start to normalize getting to condense and thaw(all laugh a lot,cheers for MR MORPHEME SCYTHE,..)"
Phantom : "thus i'll roam around being unbound in being hence due to the beginning premise of this condensed chain it will ever gnaw.."
Tantrum : "at the fluidity of the normalized view partaking into account what's no more salient thus a cause for AWE(all laugh a lot).."
Phantom : "thus it's a continence against existence yet welcoming the consciousness it's validation point there's a loss of control over the withdrawal of the illusive paw(all laugh a lot)"
Blythe(laughing) : "that's exactly why you've changed your surname and it rhymes saw(bursts into laughter)..(all laugh a lot)"
Phantom : "so basically you can't wash your washroom yourself(all laugh shaking their heads)"
Tantrum : "elaborately Ghastly be precise(all burst into laughter).."
Phantom : "the conditional march of collective lurch comes to ephemeral roost hence need a concretely defined chance defined as the serial gambler's boost isn't it not male as would've never done any school bus driver's helper post applicant Soble(all burst into laughter)"
Blythe(laughing) : "may goodness bless the profession(all laugh a lot)"
Tantrum : "so you're determined to get dual(all laugh).."
Blythe(laughing a lot) : "to be moral yeah(all laugh a lot).."
Phantom : "well there's 3 types of ways chosen by personnels amongst them there's one for which there needs to be a big expenditure cause of the professionals(all laugh shaking their heads).."
Blythe(smile) : "who are specific indeed about the process so conditional"


........................................................................
(just as Misty was going somewhere after the day finished and most of the people who came to the show returned,Serena comes in)
........................................................................
Serena(emotional,a bit of tears) : "um..Mrs Ketchum.."
Misty(turning around,bit surprized) : "um..yeah..um..you.."
Serena(hugging Misty,crying) : "Serena you may.."
Misty(smiling,hugging Serena and tendering her) : "i more than do dear not just may Ash always talks and did talk about his little sis in much details on so many occasions as did Clem,Bonnie,Hans,Shane,Mittie and all..i just know you via my ears..i know what you're thinking dear even if it's partial but still atleast i know something and no you don't have to have that hidden in your mind it's illusion all that are concerned knows it.."
Serena(bit calmed down but still tears) : "not just that but now i understand finally even Shane..(chokes,crying but smiling).."
Misty(broad smile,as if retrospecting,same pose) : "surely it wasn't specific rather general as we being performers are never personal as DR GARY OAK again said during performance as ever we're only professionals(beams,herself has tears now,same pose,Serena broadly smiles still little tears).."
(few moments later)
Misty(smiling) : "so congrats first of all secondly um..(laugh) saw how they take so many years to counter(laughs,Serena too laughs a bit).."
Serena(smile) : "um..yeah as Stash would say it's so cause it's possible only when you know you won't encounter(both laugh a lot)..but um..sis i actually came here as a surprize infact Shane just told me to come and yeah it's the best moment of my life so far this term with everything concerned today but um..bro.."
Misty(smile) : "yeah you will today why don't you two stay on there's enough place always.."
Serena(smile) : "um..well i would like to but.."
Misty(smile) : "no buts Serrie and call me sis just that(smiles,Serena smiles too then both hug each other smiling).."
Serena(a bit disappointed) : "um..just one thing sis you too just before while tendering me at first was a bit emotional as you said only professionals..um..it won't matter in such a big family.."
Misty(smiling,patting her) : "this word is exactly why it won't matter sweetie i know that too well too just the emotions can't eschew them if staying in illusion no matter how good hum(smiles,Serena smiles and hugs Misty firmly)..(few moments later) anyway dear you're in high priority today(laughs,Serena blushes a bit) just tell Shane you want to stay he will himself find the place like he did(laughs,Serena blushes deeply)..just enjoy your moments honey it's you home only and the meeting i'll fix today don't worry.."
Serena(smile) : "um..yeah but it's ok you take rest sis much strain has gone over you all we can talk tomorrow as well bro never is tired or refuses to be so actually(both laugh) hence only said today if we can meet(both laugh).."
Misty(smile) : "um..yeah but he should be here by now..let me see once.."
(Misty calls Ash)
Misty(a bit curious) : "Ash where are you.."
Ash(smile) : "at Yellowrust long time no see dear today truly was full bust rhymes saw(laughs,Misty broadly smiles).."
Misty(smiling) : "double the delight dear from Kalos with instruments(smiles,Serena blushes a bit,Ash broadly smiles).."
Ash(laugh) : "i see Mr Tomkins(both laugh)..finally admitted it wasn't only just mental similarity but beyond it too(both laugh) anyway keep that pest with you just give her the phone i'll make her circle around once more too sweetie to not fondle with all you want as i used to say exactly a version of baby May(both laugh) this one never grew up anyway Mel is as jovial as ever all in good times one by one now just give her the phone i'll return just half an hour had to see me too concerned with my travel schedules these days in certain channels(laughs,Misty smiles)"
Misty(smiles) : "right..here Serrie talk with your bro would be a bit late at the lab for some reason.."
Serena(a bit surprized,takes the phone) : "um..bro today.."
Ash(thoughtful) : "is deemed specific among generalized definition of water to be a bay"



........................................................................
Dawn(laugh) : "yeah so finally that match(all laugh)..well somehow the journey had sent to two four months before finals as i realized(all laugh) now that was May this is January and i got Spiri on October(all laugh) yeah that pest is most prone to be spoiled(all laugh) anyway so he was still going rampage and now one day i was with him and  Phantom says 


then the press(all laugh),and ofcourse i wasn't allowed to do press till i turned 20(all laugh) but then did the presses the month before finals and then again in finals i was debarred it was for experience except before finals as Crook said who ofcourse did my presses(all laugh) then before finals let me off cause with Mr Georges you know he'll fool around with word puzzles(all laugh) and just imagine a 4 time champ with a great result in vocational technical degree in electricals and i barely passed my high school papers(all laugh) and he has a electric exclusive bunch(all laugh) yeah had to be electric(all laugh a lot)

Zekrom(2),Xkurkitree(2),Raikou(2),Duraludon(2),Zeraora(2),Zapdos(2),Thundurus(2),Tapu Koko(2),Ampharos(2),Electrod,Dedenne,Morpeko,Zebstrika,Oricorio,Vikavolt,Heliolisk,Galvantula,Gorebyss,Huntail,Lanturn,Golem,Emolga,Klinklang,Magnezone,Togedemaru,Rotom,Elektross,Manectric,Electrivire,Pachirisu,Luxray,Raichu,Minum,Plusle,Stunfisk,(Jolteon)


Thundurus vs Groudon,8/8
Duraludon vs Groudon,8/8
Raikou vs Groudon,8/8
Ampharos vs Groudon,8/8
Elektross vs Groudon,8/8
Zapdos vs Groudon,8/8
Zearora vs Groudon,8/8
Tapu Koko vs Groudon,8/8
Gorebyss vs Groudon,8/8
Morpeko vs Groudon,8/8
...(Break I)...
Huntail vs Groudon,8/8
Oricorio vs Groudon,8/8
Rotom vs Groudon,8/8
Xkurkitree vs Groudon,8/8
Electrod vs Groudon,8/8
Zebstrika vs Groudon,8/8
Dedenne vs Groudon,8/8
Manectric vs Groudon,8/8
Golem vs Groudon,8/8
Magnezone vs Groudon,8/8
...(Break-II)...
Klinklang vs Groudon,8/8
Togedemaru vs Groudon,8/8
Heliolisk vs Groudon,8/8
Luxray vs Groudon,8/8
Electrivire vs Groudon,8/8
Stunfisk vs Groudon,8/8
Plusle vs Groudon,8/8
Minum vs Groudon,8/8
Pachirisu vs Groudon,8/8
Xkurkitree vs Groudon,8/8
...(Break-III)...
Thundurus vs Groudon,8/8
Zapdos vs Groudon,8/8
Tapu Koko vs Groudon,8/8
Ampharos vs Groudon,8/8
Zeraora vs Groudon,8/8
Raikou vs Groudon,8/8
Xkurkitree vs Groudon,8/8
Duraludon vs Groudon,8/8
Zekrom vs Groudon,8/8
Zekrom vs [Groudon],8/8

"